In a liquid measuring cup or medium bowl, whisk together the soy sauce, rice vinegar, sesame oil, gochujang (adjust the quantity based on your preferred spice level), and honey.
Place the short ribs in a deep baking dish or large bowl and season generously on both sides with salt and pepper. Pour the soy sauce mixture over the ribs. Cover with plastic wrap and marinate in the refrigerator for at least 1 hour, up to overnight.
Preheat a 6-quart (6 Liter) Instant Pot on the high sauté setting. Once hot, add the coconut oil.
Remove the short ribs from the marinade and let any excess marinade drip off. Reserve the marinade for later.
Working in batches, add the short ribs to the Instant Pot and sear for 3-4 minutes on each side, until deeply caramelized. Transfer the short ribs to a baking sheet as they finish cooking and repeat with the remaining ribs.
After the short ribs are seared, add the pear, shallot, ginger, and garlic to the Instant Pot. Season with salt and pepper, and sauté for 4-5 minutes, or until the mixture is golden brown.
Return the short ribs to the Instant Pot, then pour in the reserved marinade. Place the lid on the Instant Pot, make sure the lid is set to “Sealing,” and change the setting to high pressure cooker. Set the timer for 20 minutes.
At the end of 20 minutes, carefully release the pressure from the Instant Pot by turning the knob from “Sealing” to “Venting,” making sure your hand is not over the release switch as the hot steam will come out of the top. Wait for the pressure to release and the Instant Pot to unlock before taking off the lid.
Remove the short ribs from the pot and change the setting to high sauté. Bring the sauce to a simmer and cook for about 5 minutes, or until reduced to about 2 cups (480 ml)
Add the cornstarch to the water and mix until completely dissolved. Add the slurry to the sauce and whisk continuously for another 3 minutes, or until the sauce thickens. Remove from the heat and let cool slightly. Skim off any excess oil from the top of the sauce, if desired.
Serve the short ribs over white rice. Pour about ½ cup (120 ml) of the sauce over the ribs and serve the rest on the side. Garnish with toasted sesame seeds, cilantro, and scallions, and serve with kimchi, if desired.
Enjoy!
