Preheat the oven to 350°F (180˚C).
Grease a 10-inch (25-cm) springform pan with coconut oil.
Make the crust: In a food processor, pulse together the graham crackers, dates, coconut oil, and salt until the dates are completely broken down and a moist, sand-like texture is achieved.
The crust should easily hold together when pinched between your fingers.
Transfer the crust mixture to the prepared springform pan.
Using the bottom of a measuring cup or another flat-bottomed glass, pack down the crust against the bottom and about 1 inch (2 cm) up the sides of the pan.
Bake the crust for 15 minutes, or until toasted and crisp around the edges.
Remove from the oven and set aside to cool for about 20 minutes while you prepare the filling.
Leave the oven on.
Clean out the food processor, then make the cheesecake layer: Add the tofu, coconut cream, coconut oil, maple syrup, lemon juice, arrowroot powder, salt, and vanilla bean seeds to the food processor and blend on high speed for 1-3 minutes, or until completely smooth.
Pour all but 1 cup (225 G) of the mixture over the cooled crust and shake gently to smooth.
Freeze for 30 minutes.
This will make it easier to add the pumpkin layer.
Make the pumpkin layer: To the reserved cheesecake mixture in the processor, add the pumpkin puree, coconut cream, maple syrup, arrowroot powder, and pumpkin spice, and blend on high for 1 minute, until smooth.
Remove the pan from the freezer and gently spoon the pumpkin mixture over the cheesecake layer.
Smooth out the top using a rubber spatula or the back of a spoon.
Wrap the outside of the pan in foil.
This will prevent water from the water bath from leaking in to the pan.
Place the springform pan in a large, deep baking dish and fill with hot water about halfway up the sides of the springform.
This will create steam inside the oven that will help the cheesecake bake evenly.
Carefully transfer the pan to the oven.
Bake the cheesecake for 1 hour, then turn off the oven and, without opening the door, leave the cheesecake inside for 30 minutes.
Remove from the oven and let cool, then cover and chill in the refrigerator for at least 6 hours, or overnight.
Release the springform, then slice and serve the chilled cheesecake.
Garnish with dark chocolate shavings.
Enjoy!
