Make the shrimp cakes: Add the shrimp to a food processor and pulse 4-5 times, until minced but not mushy.
In a large bowl, mix together the shrimp, shallot, jalapeño, eggs, panko, chives, lemon zest, paprika, cayenne, a pinch of salt, the lemon juice, and Worcestershire sauce until well combined.
Using a 1-ounce (30-g) scoop, portion out the shrimp mixture and gently flatten into patties.
Heat the oil in a medium skillet over medium heat. Cook the patties, in batches if necessary, for 2-3 minutes on each side, until golden brown and the internal temperature reaches 145˚F (63˚C). Transfer the cooked patties to a paper towel-lined plate to drain and season lightly with salt.
Make the roasted red pepper sauce: Add the peppers, red wine vinegar, almonds, shallot, garlic, and a pinch of salt to a blender. Blend for 30 seconds, until smooth. With the blender running, slowly stream in the olive oil to emulsify. Thin with the reserved red pepper liquid, if necessary.
Assemble the salad: Add the arugula and watercress to a large bowl. Add a drizzle of olive oil, the lemon juice, and a pinch of salt and pepper. Toss well.
Divide the salad between serving bowls and top with the shrimp cakes and roasted red pepper sauce.
Enjoy!
Nutrition: Shrimp cakes - Per serving: 4 cakes - Calories: 393, Total fat: 20 grams, Sodium: 1419 mg (shrimp is a naturally high source of sodium), Total carb: 21 grams, Dietary fiber: 2 grams, Sugars: 3 grams, Protein: 32 grams
Nutrition: Salad - Per serving: 2 cups - Calories: 38, Total fat: 4 grams, Sodium: 39 mg, Total carb: 2 grams, Dietary fiber: 0 grams, Sugars: 1 gram, Protein: 1 gram
Nutrition: Red Pepper Sauce - Per serving: ~ ¼ cup - Calories: 176, Total fat: 17 grams, Sodium: 36 mg, Total carb: 6 grams, Dietary fiber: 1 gram, Sugars: 3 grams, Protein: 1 gram,
Nutrition: Total recipe - Per serving - Calories: 607, Total fat: 41, Sodium: 1535 mg (shrimp is a naturally high source of sodium), Total carb: 29 grams, Dietary fiber: 3 grams, Sugars: 7 grams, Protein: 34 grams
