Add the potatoes to a large pot.
Cover the potatoes with cold water and season with 1 tablespoon of salt.
Bring to a boil over high heat and cook until the potatoes are fork tender, about 20 minutes.
Make the sausage filling: Add the onion to a large skillet over medium heat and cook until translucent, about 3 minutes.
Add the peppers and cook until slightly tender, about 6 minutes.
Add the garlic and sausage.
Cook until the sausage is browned, about 4 minutes.
Season with the paprika, cayenne, pepper, thyme, and salt and cook for another 5 minutes until seasoning is evenly distributed.
Remove the pan from the heat.
Make the egg filling: Heat the olive oil in a large skillet over medium heat, then sauté the spinach until fully wilted, about 5 minutes.
Add the eggs and scramble until cooked, about 3 minutes.
Add the bacon, pepper, and salt and mix to incorporate.
Remove the pan from the heat.
Transfer the potatoes to a colander and run under cold water to cool.
Pat dry.
Using the large holes on a cheese grater, shred the potatoes into a large bowl.
Add the flour, Parmesan, onion powder, garlic powder, pepper, and salt.
Mix together thoroughly.
Transfer half of the hash brown mixture to a greased 13” x 18” (33 cm x 45 cm) baking sheet and spread evenly with a spatula.
On the left side of the tray, spoon the egg filling into 4 evenly spaced piles.
On the right side of the tray, spoon the sausage filling into 4 evenly spaced piles.
Top each pile of egg filling with a tablespoon of shredded cheddar cheese.
Top the piles of filling with the remaining hash brown mixture and use a spatula to carefully press down the hash browns, sealing the filling inside.
Use the tip of the spatula to delineate between each pocket of filling.
Freeze for at least 2 hours.
In a large pot, heat oil until it reaches 380˚F (195˚C).
Remove the hash browns from the freezer and use a sharp knife to cut and separate each pocket.
Fry the hash brown pockets in batches for 5-7 minutes, or until browned on both sides.
Drain the pockets on a wire rack set over a baking sheet lined with paper towels.
Enjoy!
