Preheat the oven to 425˚F (220˚C).
Make the flatbread bowl: In a medium bowl, stir together the flour, salt, and yogurt with a flexible spatula to combine.
Knead the dough with your hands until a smooth ball forms, about 5 minutes.
Lightly dust a clean work surface with flour.
Turn out the dough and roll out to a 9-inch (22.5 cm) round as thin as a sheet of paper.
Rotate the round occasionally to help the dough hold its shape.
Lightly dust with flour as needed to keep the dough from sticking, but be careful not to use too much flour, which will make the flatbread tough.
Invert an 8-inch (20 cm) metal bowl so the domed side faces up.
Grease the bowl generously with nonstick spray, then spray one side of the dough.
Gently lay the dough, greased-side down, over the bowl, pressing it flush against the surface.
It’s fine if the dough folds over on itself in places.
Grease the inside of the other bowl, then spray the exposed side of the dough.
Press the second bowl over the dough.
With a paring knife, trim any excess dough around the edges.
Transfer the bowls, still upside down, to a baking sheet and bake for 25 minutes, or until the dough is golden brown, lift the top bowl to check.
Transfer to a wire rack and let cool for at least 15 minutes.
When the bowls are cool enough to handle, remove the top bowl.
Gently invert the other bowl and let the flatbread bowl slide off.
Let cool completely on the rack.
It will continue to crisp as it cools.
Make the salad: Season the chicken breast on both sides with salt and pepper.
Heat 1 tablespoon of olive oil in a medium skillet over medium-high heat.
Sear the chicken until deep golden brown, about 6 minutes per side, or until the thickest part of the chicken reaches 165°F (75˚C) on an instant-read thermometer.
Remove the chicken from the pan and let rest for 5 minutes.
In a medium bowl, whisk together the Worcestershire sauce, lemon juice, garlic, mustard, Parmesan, and salt to taste.
Drizzle in the remaining 3 tablespoons of olive oil in a slow, steady stream, whisking constantly to emulsify.
Stir in the yogurt until smooth.
Season with pepper to taste, if desired.
Once the chicken has rested, thinly slice.
Fill the flatbread bowl with the romaine, then top with the sliced chicken, croutons, dressing, and Parmesan cheese.
Enjoy!
