Make the crust: In a large bowl, mix together the all-purpose flour, whole-wheat flour, and salt.
Add the butter and, using your hands, work it into the flour until only pea-sized pieces remain.
Continue working with your hands until the dough has a shaggy texture.
Add the water, starting with 3 tablespoons, and mix until the dough is moist enough to hold together.
Add more water as needed, 1 tablespoon at a time.
Form the dough into a disc and wrap in plastic wrap.
Refrigerate for 30-60 minutes.
Preheat the oven to 350˚F (180˚C).
Make the filling: Heat the olive oil in a large skillet over medium-high heat.
Once the oil is shimmering, add the mushrooms.
Sauté for 3-5 minutes, until the mushrooms are beginning to brown lightly.
Reduce the heat to medium and add the leeks, ½ teaspoon kosher salt, and ½ teaspoon pepper.
Cook for another 3-5 minutes, until the leeks have softened slightly.
Add the tomatoes and cook for 1 minute, until slightly softened.
Add the spinach and sauté for 1-2 minutes, until just wilted.
Remove the pan from the heat.
Lightly dust a clean surface with flour.
Roll out the dough, turning it frequently so it doesn’t stick, to a 12-inch (30 cm) round, about ⅛-inch (3 mm) thick.
Gently transfer the crust to a 9-inch (22 cm) pie dish.
Trim any excess dough around the edges.
Fold the edges of dough back underneath itself, then crimp using an index finger knuckle on one hand and the thumb and index finger on the other hand.
Crumple a piece of parchment paper, then spread it out in the center of the crust.
Add the dried beans to the center and spread toward the sides of the crust--this will add weight to keep the crust from puffing up and hold up the walls while baking.
Bake the crust for 15 minutes.
Carefully remove the weights by lifting out the parchment paper, then bake for 5 minutes more, until the dough no longer looks raw.
Carefully pour the silken tofu into a fine-mesh strainer set over a bowl.
Let sit for 10 minutes to allow the excess water to drain.
Add the tofu, nutritional yeast, remaining ½ teaspoon salt, remaining ½ teaspoon pepper, black salt, garlic powder, paprika, turmeric, and cayenne to a blender.
Puree until smooth.
Spread half the sautéed vegetables evenly over the bottom of the crust.
Pour the tofu puree over the vegetables, then add the remaining vegetables on top..
Bake for 40-45 minutes, until the center no longer jiggles and the crust is just beginning to brown.
Let the quiche cool for at least 30 minutes before slicing to allow the filling to set.
Enjoy!
