DISCLAIMER: Deep frying a turkey can be dangerous if not done properly.
Determine the amount of oil you will need before you start. This turkey and pot required 4 ½ gallons (17 liter) of peanut oil, you may need more or less.
To determine the correct amount, place the turkey in the pot you will be using to fry. Fill it with water until it has just covered your turkey, that water level should also be at least 5 inches (13 cm) below the rim of your pot. Remove the turkey and see where the water levels off, this is the amount of oil you will need to fry the turkey. If the oil level is NOT 5 inches (13 cm) below the rim of your pot, use a taller pot. If too much oil is used, it will spill over when the turkey is lowered and cause a fire. If you like, as a precaution, turn off the propane burner before you add the turkey to the hot oil.
In a large pot, container or cooler with a lid, combine salt, brown sugar and boiling water to make the brine.
Once the salt and brown sugar have dissolved, cool down with ice.
Place your turkey into the brine mixture, add more cold water to cover your turkey entirely. Weight down the turkey with something heavy and cover.
Place the turkey in a cool place or refrigerator and let it brine for 8-16 hours.
Remove the turkey from the brine, discard the brine. Pat dry the turkey. Make sure it’s entirely dry inside and out, border on very dry.
Let it sit at room temp for 30 minutes prior to frying.
While the turkey is coming to room temp, prepare your deep frying pot. The pot should be large enough to hold the turkey, oil and have enough room to contain the oil once it starts bubbling (recommend 30 quart/ 28-liter pot).
NOTE: Make sure the deep frying pot is clean and dry, any moisture in the pot will make the oil pop when it starts heating up.
Pour the peanut oil into the pot. You should have enough oil to just cover the turkey. Set over high heat on an outside propane burner. Bring the temperature of the oil to 350°F (180°C).
While the oil is heating up, prepare your turkey to submerge into the oil.
If you are using a turkey deep frying kit, use all the equipment provided (i.e. hook/basket, s-hook, retrieval handle). If not, take a stainless steel kitchen utensil with a wide bottom, long handle and looped top. Take the kitchen utensil and push the handle through the neck of the turkey. You want the wide part of the utensil to rest inside the turkey cavity. Take an s-hook with a handle attachment and loop it through the loop part of the kitchen utensil.
Wipe down the turkey again to make sure there is no moisture. Turkey is ready.
Once the temperature of the oil has reached 350°F (180°C), slowly and gently lower the turkey into the oil. SLOWLY AND GENTLY.
Fry the turkey for 3 minutes per pound (455 grams). For a 15 lb (6.8 kg) turkey, this will take 45 minutes. Make sure the oil temp is maintained at 350°F (180°C).
After 45 minutes, turn off your propane burner and then gently remove the turkey from the oil.
Place the turkey on a large baking sheet or carving board and check the temperature. Right out of the fryer, the breast meat should be at 150°F (65°C) and will reach 160°F (70°C) due to carry over cooking.
Let the turkey rest for 30 minutes before carving.
NOTE: Oil will be hot for a few hours after frying. Do not touch or dispose of until fully cooled.
Carve as desired.
Enjoy!
