If making the savory filling, preheat the oven to 450°F (230°C).
In a large bowl, toss together the onion, bell pepper, tomato, zucchini, eggplant, garlic, olive oil, thyme, salt, and pepper.
Spread in an even layer on a large baking sheet.
Roast the vegetables until they are soft and caramelized, about 18 minutes, flipping halfway through.
Set aside to cool.
When cool enough to handle, pick the garlic from the vegetables and remove the skin.
Add to a large bowl and mash into a paste.
Add the goat cheese and stir to combine, then add the vegetables and toss to coat.
Season with salt and pepper.
Use immediately to fill the crepes, or store in an airtight container in the refrigerator for up to 3 days.
If making the sweet filling: In a small bowl, stir together the ricotta, strawberries, blackberries, lemon zest, and honey.
Use immediately to fill crepes, or store in an airtight container in the refrigerator up to 3 days.
Make the crepes: In a large bowl, combine the eggs, coconut milk, coconut flour, coconut oil, and salt.
Using an immersion blender, blend the ingredients to form a smooth batter, scraping down the sides of the bowl as needed.
Preheat a 9-inch (22 cm) nonstick skillet or crepe pan over medium heat.
Add just enough oil to coat the pan, about ½ teaspoon.
Swirl the pan to coat evenly.
Add ½ cup batter to the hot pan and swirl the pan around again until the batter evenly coats the bottom all the way to the edges.
Cook for 4-5 minutes, or until the bottom of the crepe is golden brown in spots and the top is completely cooked through with no raw batter on the surface.
Add ¼ cup of your preferred filling to the top left quarter of the crepe.
Using a small spatula or spoon, evenly spread the filling over that section, leaving a ½-inch (1 ¼ cm) border along the outside edge.Fold the bottom half of the crepe over the top half, then fold the right (unfilled) side over the left side to form a triangle.
Use a rubber spatula to gently transfer the crepe to a plate.
Repeat with the remaining batter and filling.
Garnish the savory crepes with more thyme and the sweet crepes with whipped cream, quartered strawberries, blackberries, and honey.
Enjoy!
