In a small bowl, combine the cold water and gelatin. Let the gelatin bloom for 5 minutes, until the water is mostly absorbed. Microwave for 20–30 seconds, or until the gelatin is melted.
Combine the room temperature water and sugar in a medium pot. Bring to a low boil over medium-low heat.
Pour the gelatin mixture into the boiling sugar water, whisking constantly to combine. Cook at a low boil for 5 minutes, until the sugar and gelatin are completely dissolved.
Transfer the gelatin mixture to a 2-cup (480 ml) liquid measuring cup for easy pouring. Let sit for 5 minutes to cool slightly. Skim off any foam that rises to the top.
Grease 6 cups of a muffin tin with nonstick spray.
Evenly divide the gelatin mixture between the 6 greased cups of the muffin tin, about ¼ cup (30 grams) per section.
Use the liquid food coloring to dye each section: For red, add 3 drops of red. For green, add 3 drops of green. For purple, add 1 drop of red and 1 drop of blue. For blue, add 4 drops of blue. For orange, add 1 drop of red and 3 drops of yellow. For yellow, add 4 drops of yellow. Using a toothpick or clean fork, stir each section to combine.
Carefully transfer the muffin tin to the refrigerator. Chill the gelatin until set, at least 4 hours or up to overnight.
Line a baking sheet with parchment paper and grease with nonstick spray.
Remove each gelatin cup and tear into ¾-inch (2 cm) square chunks, to resemble stones. Spread evenly on the prepared baking sheet, keeping each color separate. Let dry at room temperature for 2–3 days, until the outer layer becomes hard to the touch with a matte exterior. Note: If you want to use a cover to keep debris out, place in a baking dish and cover with plastic wrap with the corner left open so they can dry out but the plastic is not touching the stones.
When ready to assemble the cupcakes, add the frosting to a piping bag fitted with a ⅝-inch (1 ½ cm) round tip or a plastic zip-top bag with the corner cut off. Pipe the frosting onto the cupcakes.
Using a fine-mesh sieve, lightly sprinkle edible gold luster dust over the frosted cupcakes.
Place 2–3 colored stones on top of each cupcake.
Enjoy!
