In a bowl, add the milk, sugar, and yeast together and stir to combine.
In a separate bowl, add butter, eggs, and vanilla extract and mix well.
Add the milk mixture to the bowl with eggs and mix well. Gradually add the flour, little by little, until fully incorporated.
Place the dough on a lightly floured surface and knead for 5 minutes until smooth.
Gently press the dough with a finger to ensure it springs back up from the indentation.
Place the dough in an oiled bowl. Cover the dough lightly with oil. Cover the bowl with plastic wrap.
Let the dough rise in a warm place for an hour or until doubled in size.
Knead the dough one more time and place the dough in an oiled bowl. Once placed, cover with plastic wrap and let rest in the refrigerator overnight.
Roll out the dough on a floured surface until ¼ inch (6 mm) thick.
Cut out the doughnuts and doughnut holes with a cookie cutter and piping tip.
Melt enough shortening over medium heat to come just 2 inches (5 cm) up on the side of a heavy pot.
Once liquified, heat the shortening to 375°F (190°C).
Fry the donuts in batches for 45 seconds on each side or until golden brown.
To make the glaze, combine the milk and sugar and stir until smooth.
To make the white chocolate ganache, add the chocolate chips to a bowl with warm heavy cream. Let it rest for about 5 minutes, or until the chocolate melts, and stir until smooth.
To make the pink ganache, add the chocolate chips and food colorant to a bowl with warm heavy cream. Let it rest for about 5 minutes, or until the chocolate melts, and stir until smooth.
To make the violet ganache, add the chocolate chips and food colorant to a bowl with warm heavy cream. Let it rest for about 5 minutes, or until the chocolate melts, and stir until smooth.
To make the milk chocolate ganache, add the chocolate chips to a bowl with warm heavy cream. Let it rest for about 5 minutes, or until the chocolate melts, and stir until smooth.
Dunk or drizzle your doughnuts and top with sprinkles (optional).
Enjoy!
