Preheat the oven to 400˚F (200˚C).
Wrap the beet in tin foil and place on a baking sheet.
Roast for 1 hour, until fork-tender.
Wearing gloves, peel the beet skin.
Add the beet to the bowl of a food processor and pulse until smooth.
In a medium bowl, add 3 tablespoons of the beet puree to the butter and use a spatula to mix until evenly colored.
Transfer the beet compound butter to plastic wrap, and refrigerate for at least 2 hours, or until very cold.
Make the Beet-Colored Dough: in the bowl of a food processor, add the flour, sugar, and salt, and pulse 2-3 times.
Add the cold, cubed beet compound butter and pulse 8-10 times until butter is pea-sized.
Transfer the dough to a large mixing bowl, and gradually add the beet juice, 1 tablespoon at a time, mixing with your hands until the dough comes together.
Knead the dough on a work surface, and divide into two even discs. Wrap in plastic wrap and chill in the refrigerator overnight.
Make the Dough: in the bowl of a food processor, add the flour, sugar, and salt, and pulse 2-3 times.
Add the cold, cubed butter and pulse 8-10 times until butter is pea-sized.
Transfer the dough to a large mixing bowl, and gradually add the ice water, 1 tablespoon at a time, mixing with your hands until the dough comes together.
Knead the dough on a work surface. Wrap in plastic wrap and chill in the refrigerator overnight.
Add the blueberries, lemon juice, sugar, salt, and tapioca starch to large bowl and stir to combine.
Remove one beet dough disc from the refrigerator and place on a lightly floured work surface. Using a rolling pin, roll the dough into a 12-inch (30-cm) circle, adding more flour to the dough as necessary.
Place the rolled out dough in a 9-inch (23-cm) pie dish, trimming any excess dough to fit the dish.
Add the blueberry mixture to the pie dish.
Remove the other beet dough disc from the refrigerator and place on a lightly floured work surface. Using a rolling pin, roll the dough into a 12-inch (30-cm) circle, adding more flour to the dough as necessary.
Remove the plain dough disc from the refrigerator and place on a lightly floured work surface. Using a rolling pin, roll the dough into a 12-inch (30-cm) circle, adding more flour to the dough as necessary.
Using a ruler, cut the beet and plain dough into ½-inch (1-cm) strips, and create a lattice pattern of choice. Trim any excess dough.
Refrigerate the pie for 1 hour.
Preheat the oven to 425˚F (220˚C).
In a bowl, whisk the beaten egg and water.
Using a pastry brush, brush the top of the crust with egg wash. Sprinkle the turbinado sugar on top. Cover the edges of the crust with a pie shield or tin foil.
Bake for 10-15 minutes, until the top is golden brown.
Reduce the oven temperature to 375˚F (190˚F).
Continue baking for 40-45 minutes, until the crust is cooked through and filling is bubbling.
Let the pie rest at room temperature for at least one hour.
Enjoy!
