In a medium saucepan over medium heat, melt the butter and toast for about 5 minutes until it turns brown and smells nutty.
Pour the brown butter into a large bowl.
Let sit for 30 minutes to cool before starting to make the dough.
To the bowl with the cooled butter, add the granulated sugar, brown sugar, vanilla, and yogurt.
Using an electric hand mixer or stand mixer, beat for 2-3 minutes until fluffy.
Add the egg and egg yolk and beat again until fluffy and well-combined.
In a separate large bowl, whisk together the flour, baking soda, and salt.
Sift ⅓ of the dry ingredients at a time into the wet ingredients.
Beat just until incorporated, then scrape down the sides of the bowl with a rubber spatula between each addition.
Make sure not to overmix.
Add the chocolate chips and mini chocolate chips to the dough and gently fold just to incorporate.
Cover the bowl with plastic wrap and chill in the refrigerator for 2 hours.
You can also store the stuffings in the fridge so they’re easier to work with later.
Preheat the oven to 350˚F (180˚C).
Line a baking sheet (or 2) with parchment paper.
Using an ice cream scooper, scoop out 3 tablespoons of chilled dough and flatten out into a ¼-inch (6 mm) thick circle.
Add 1 tablespoon of your stuffing of choice, such as caramel, cookie butter, chocolate hazelnut spread, or peanut butter, to the center of the dough round, and fold the edges of the dough around the stuffing.
Seal tightly and roll into a ball.
Repeat with the rest of the dough and stuffings.
To the outside of the cookie dough balls, add your choice of toppings, such as mini marshmallows, chopped candy bar, chocolate chips, crushed chocolate sandwich cookies, white chocolate chips, rainbow sprinkles, pretzel pieces, or crushed potato chips.
Press the toppings firmly into the dough, so they don’t fall off.
Repeat with the remaining stuffed cookie dough balls.
Place the stuffed and decorated cookie dough balls onto the prepared baking sheet approximately 3 inches (7 cm) apart, so the cookies don’t spread into one another.
You may need to use 2 baking sheets.
Bake for 11-14 minutes, or until the cookies are golden brown and evenly spread.
Cool on a cooling rack for 10 minutes before devouring!
Enjoy!
