Prepare the crepe batter in 2 separate batches.
In a very large bowl, whisk together 12 cups (1.5 kg) of flour, ½ cup (100 g) of sugar, and 2 teaspoons of salt.
Create a well in the center and add 24 eggs.
Stir together vigorously with a large wooden spoon until combined.
Add 1 cup (240 ml) of milk and continue to stir vigorously until combined.
Add 1½ cups (345 g) of the melted butter.
Stir until combined.
Gradually add 14 more cups (3.3 l) of milk to the batter, stirring well after each addition.
Once the batter has loosened a bit, switch from the wooden spoon to a heavy duty whisk.
Whisk vigorously to remove any clumps.
Once the milk is incorporated and there are no more lumps, whisk in 1 cup (240 ml) of water and 2 tablespoons of vanilla.
Place the batter in the fridge to rest for 1 hour.
Repeat steps 1-7 to prepare the second batch of batter.
Heat a large round electric griddle to 375˚F (190˚C).
Pour ½ cup (120 ml) of batter onto the heated griddle and swirl evenly to coat.
Fill in any gaps with extra batter.
Cook for approximately 2 minutes, until the crepe begins to lightly brown on the bottom.
Flip the crepe and cook for another minute on the other side.
Remove from the pan and set aside to cool.
Repeat 99 more times.
This will take approximately 5 hours.
Place the completed crepes in stacks of 10 and store, covered, in the fridge until ready to assemble the cake.
Make the vanilla pastry cream: In a large stock pot set over medium heat, add the egg yolks, milk, cream, sugar, salt, and cornstarch.
Whisk vigorously to combine.
Whisk constantly until the mixture thickens significantly and bubbles just begin to burst on the surface.
You do not want to let the mixture come to a full boil.
This will take approximately 10-15 minutes.
Remove the pot from the heat and add the butter and vanilla.
Stir until fully incorporated.
Repeat to make the other flavors of pastry cream.
Mix in each flavoring while the cream is still warm, after incorporating the butter.
Pour the cream onto a baking sheet lined with plastic wrap.
This will ensure the custard cools safely and quickly.
Cover with more plastic wrap, ensuring the plastic touches the surface to prevent a skin from forming.
Immediately place in the fridge to cool and set, overnight.
To assemble the crepe cake, place 1 crepe on a large cutting board or baking sheet (you will need to be able to transfer the cake to and from the freezer).
Spread about ½ cup (110 g) of the cooled pastry cream (flavor of your choice) evenly over the crepe.
Place another crepe directly on top and spread with more pastry cream.
Repeat until you have 25 crepes stacked with the first filling.
Transfer the assembled cake to the freezer to chill for 15 minutes between flavors.
Repeat with each flavor of pastry cream, layering 25 crepes with each flavor filling.
Make sure to freeze the cake for 15 minutes after every 25 layers.
Once assembled, freeze the cake for 30 minutes to set and firm up.
Dust the top with powdered sugar, then slice and serve.
Sticking a wooden dowel into each slice will help the cake keep its shape.
Enjoy!
