Soak the wooden skewers in water for at least 30 minutes to prevent burning.
Preheat the oven to 400˚F (200˚C) and line 4 baking sheets, or as many as you have, with parchment paper.
Make the pepperoni pizza sticks: In a small bowl, whisk together the olive oil, garlic powder, and Italian seasoning. Set aside.
Unroll the pizza dough on a lightly floured surface and cut into 8 strips.
Fold 5 pepperoni slices into quarters and thread onto a wooden skewer, spacing about 1 inch (2 ½ cm) apart. Repeat to make 8 skewers total.
Starting at the pointed end of a skewer, weave a dough strip down around the pepperoni slices, pinching at the bottom to secure, and set on a prepared baking sheet. Repeat with the remaining skewers.
Brush the skewers with the seasoned oil and sprinkle with the Parmesan cheese.
Bake the skewers for 10-12 minutes, rotating halfway through, until the dough is golden brown.
Serve with pizza sauce for dipping.
Make the vegetarian pizza sticks: Spread the mushrooms, onion, and bell pepper in an even layer on a baking sheet. Season with salt, pepper, and the red pepper flakes and drizzle with 2 tablespoons of olive oil. Toss to coat.
Roast the vegetables for 15 minutes, until the mushrooms are golden brown. Remove from the oven and set aside to cool.
Unroll the pizza dough on a lightly floured surface and cut into 8 strips.
Thread 1 piece of each vegetable onto the skewers to make 1 stack, spacing the stacks about 1 inch (2 ½ cm) apart (you should have about 4 stacks per skewer). Repeat to make 8 skewers total.
Starting at the pointed end of the skewer, weave a dough strip down around the vegetables, pinching at the bottom to secure, and set on a prepared baking sheet. Repeat with the remaining skewers.
Brush the skewers with the remaining 2 tablespoons of oil and sprinkle with the mozzarella cheese.
Bake the skewers for 10-12 minutes, rotating halfway through, until the dough is golden brown.
Serve with ranch dressing for dipping.
Make the margherita pizza skewers: Unroll the pizza dough on a lightly floured surface and cut into 8 strips.
Thread 5 cherry tomatoes onto a skewer, spacing about 1 inch (2 ½ cm) apart. Repeat to make 8 skewers total.
Starting at the pointed end of the skewer, weave a dough strip down around the tomatoes, pinching at the bottom to secure, and set on a prepared baking sheet. Repeat with the remaining skewers.
Brush the skewers with the olive oil and sprinkle with the mozzarella cheese.
Bake the skewers for 10-12 minutes, rotating halfway through, until the dough is golden brown.
Garnish with the basil and serve with pesto for dipping.
Enjoy!
