In a medium pot, combine the rice, water, coconut oil, and salt. Bring to a boil, then cover and simmer over low heat for 15-20 minutes, until the water is absorbed. Once finished cooking, remove the rice from the heat and fluff.
Heat 3 tablespoons of vegetable oil in a large Dutch oven over medium-high heat until shimmering. Add the onions and potatoes and cook, stirring occasionally, until the onions are caramelized and potatoes are golden brown around the edges, about 10 minutes.
Reduce the heat to medium. Add the remaining tablespoon of oil, the tomato paste, ginger, and garlic. Cook, stirring constantly, until fragrant, about 30 seconds. Add the garam masala and curry powder and cook, stirring constantly, about 1 minute longer.
Add cauliflower and cook, stirring constantly, until the spices coat the florets, about 2 minutes longer.
Add the tomatoes, chickpeas, water, and salt and stir to combine. Increase the heat to medium-high and bring the mixture to a boil. Reduce the heat to medium. Simmer, stirring occasionally, until the vegetables are tender, 10-15 minutes.
Stir in the coconut milk and frozen peas. Cook until heated through, about 2 minutes longer. Remove from the heat.
Meanwhile, in a large bowl, stir together the flour, salt, baking powder, and sugar. Create a well in the middle of the dry ingredients and pour in 1 tablespoon of melted ghee, the yogurt, skim milk, and a bit of the water. Mix until combined, adding more water as needed until the dough comes together.
Transfer the dough to a lightly floured surface and knead until no longer sticky, then shape into a ball and divide into quarters. Roll out the dough portions to ¼ inch (6 mm) thick.
In a small bowl, combine the remaining tablespoon of melted ghee with the garlic.
Heat a bit of ghee in a medium nonstick pan over medium-high heat. Add a dough round and brush with the ghee and garlic mixture. Cook for 3-4 minutes, until the dough bubbles up and forms a nice brown crust, then flip and cook on the other side. Repeat with the remaining dough.
Serve the curry over the rice with the naan on the side.
Enjoy!
