Preheat oven to 350ºF (180ºC).
Place a medium mixing bowl in the refrigerator to chill.
Cut a round of parchment paper to the same circumference as the base of the pan, with a hole in the center that is the same circumference as the can. Line the springform with the parchment. Cover the sides of the can completely with parchment, securing with tape and making sure that the tape is covered by parchment.
In a medium bowl, sift the flour and ½ cup (100 grams) of the sugar together.
In a large bowl, combine the egg whites, vanilla extract, salt, and cream of tartar. Using an electric mixer, beat the mixture on medium speed until soft peaks form. You will know when they’ve reached the soft peak stage because the whites will just barely be able to hold their shape.
Increase the mixer speed to high and gradually add the remaining cup of sugar, 2 tablespoons at a time. Beat until the mixture forms stiff peaks. This may take up to 10-12 minutes. You will know that you are getting close to stiff peaks when the whites turn very glossy with a satin-like appearance. Lift the beater out of the bowl and check if the peak stands straight up in a point with no curling at the tip. Once it does, your ready for the next step.
Sift the flour and sugar mixture into the egg whites, about ⅓ cup (80 ml) at a time. Using a large flexible spatula, carefully fold in the flour until there are no clumps left. Be careful not to overmix at this point, which will deflate the batter and decrease the volume of the cake.
Add ¼ cup (60 ml) water to the can to weigh it down, so it stays steady in the springform pan.
Carefully transfer the batter to the prepared pan, working your way around the aluminum can and smoothing the top of the batter with the flexible spatula.
Bake for 40-45 minutes, until the cake has risen completely, nearly reached the top of the pan, and the top is evenly golden brown with a few cracks. The top of the cake should spring back when gently pressed with your fingertip. If there is any indentation left, the cake needs to bake for longer. Return to the oven and check every 5 minutes.
Remove the springform pan from the oven. Pour out any excess water from the can, then replace can and immediately invert the pan over a wire rack. (The soda can will prop up the cake while it cools, allowing air to circulate around it.) Let cool completely, about 45 minutes.
Meanwhile, prepare the strawberries. In a medium bowl, toss to combine the sliced strawberries with the lemon juice and sugar. Refrigerate the berries until you are ready to serve the cake.
Remove the aluminum can from the center of the cake. Carefully run a knife along the outer edge of the pan to release the cake (it should release easily). Remove the parchment paper.
Top the cake with whipped cream and macerated strawberries.
Enjoy!
