Line a baking sheet with parchment paper.
In a medium bowl, combine the white chocolate chips and coconut oil. Microwave on medium power in 30-second intervals, stirring between, until melted and smooth.
Dip the strawberries in melted white chocolate, then place on the prepared baking sheet. Let set at room temperature for at least 1 hour.
Divide the frosting evenly between 3 small bowls. Use gel food coloring to color each bowl of frosting pastel purple, orange, and pink.
Add the purple frosting to a piping bag fitted with a large closed star piping tip. Starting in center, pipe the frosting on a standard cupcake, spiraling from the center out toward the edge. Frost 2 more cupcakes with purple frosting.
Add the orange frosting a piping bag fitted with a small closed star piping tip. Starting in the center of a mini cupcake, pipe a small star. Repeat, working your way outward, until the top is filled. Repeat with remaining mini cupcakes.
Add the pink frosting to a piping bag fitted with a large closed star piping tip. Starting in the center and working outward, pipe the frosting onto the remaining 3 standard cupcakes.
Chill the cupcakes for 20 minutes, or until ready to assemble.
Prepare the flower pot by nestling the flower foam inside in multiple pieces. Lightly crumple sheets of parchment in your hands, then uncrumple and stuff into the areas around the foam so the ends stick up and out of the flower pot.
To assemble the bouquet, slide a gumdrop about 1 inch (2.5 cm) down each skewer; this will keep the cupcakes and strawberries from sliding down. Slide a large cupcake onto a skewer. Press the bottom end of the skewer through the foam so the cupcake is upright. Use varying lengths of skewers, trimming as needed and add more skewered cupcakes and strawberries until the bouquet is full. (You may have leftover strawberries.) Add more paper as needed. Note: Keep the larger cupcakes mostly upright in the container. Save the smaller, less heavy cupcakes and strawberries for decorating the sides.
Store in the refrigerator until ready to eat.
Enjoy!
