Please be aware, you have to place the ice cube right in the chocolate as soon as you're able to remove it from its slot otherwise it will start to melt and the chocolate will not adhere.
Fill a 12-cup muffin tin with water.
Place a popsicle stick into each muffin cup.
Freeze until solid.
In a medium bowl, whisk together the cream cheese, peanut butter, 1½ teaspoons milk, ¼ teaspoon vanilla, ¼ cup powdered sugar, and salt until smooth.
Fold in ¼ cup of whipped cream with spatula. Set aside.
Separate the cream from 12 chocolate sandwich cookies into a separate medium bowl.
Add the remaining 2 tablespoons powdered sugar, remaining 2 teaspoons milk, and remaining ¼ teaspoon vanilla to the bowl with the cream filling. Whisk until well-combined.
Fold in the remaining cup of whipped cream with a spatula. Set aside.
Transfer the cookies to a zip-top bag and break into crumbs with a rolling pin. Set aside.
In a small bowl, combine the chocolate pudding mix and cold milk. Whisk for 2 minutes, then let sit for 3 minutes, until the pudding thickens.
Remove the muffin tin from the freezer. Give the ice a minute to melt down just enough to remove each ice mold from the muffin cups.
Dip 4 of the ice discs into the melted milk chocolate, making sure not to fully submerge the ice disc. Set the chocolate-dipped ice discs onto a parchment-lined baking sheet or plate. Dip 4 of the ice discs in the melted white chocolate, and the remaining 4 discs in the melted dark chocolate.
Once the chocolate has set, give the ice discs a minute to melt down slightly. Wiggle the ice disc out of the chocolate to reveal hollow chocolate cups.
Pipe the peanut butter mousse into the milk chocolate cups. Top with chopped nuts and a mini peanut butter cup.
Sprinkle chocolate sandwich cookie crumbs on the bottom of the white chocolate cups. Pipe the cookie cream filling on top of the crumbs. Garnish with more cookie crumbs and half of a chocolate sandwich cookie.
Pipe the chocolate pudding mixture into the dark chocolate cups. Top each one with 3 raspberries and fresh mint leaves.
Enjoy!
