Make the crust: In a large bowl, mix together the all-purpose flour, whole wheat flour, and salt.
Add the butter and, using a pastry cutter, work it into the flour until only pea-sized pieces remain.
Add the water, starting with 3 tablespoons, and mix the dough with your fingers until it is moist enough to hold together.
Add more water as needed, 1 tablespoon at a time.
Turn the dough onto a clean surface, form into a disc, and wrap with plastic wrap.
Refrigerate for 30-60 minutes.
Preheat the oven to 375˚F (190˚C).
Line a baking sheet with parchment paper.
While the dough is resting, make the filling: Add 2 tablespoons of olive oil and the garlic cloves to a large, high-walled skillet over medium heat.
Cook for 3 minutes, until the garlic just begins to brown.
Add the onion and ½ teaspoon of salt.
Cook for 20-25 minutes, until the onion is caramelized.
Remove from the pan and set aside to cool in a bowl.
To the same pan, add the potatoes, ½ teaspoon of salt, and the water.
Increase the heat to medium-high, cover, and cook for 3-5 minutes, until the potatoes are almost fully cooked and the water is nearly evaporated.
Remove the lid and cook for 2 minutes more to completely evaporate the water.
Remove potatoes from the pan and set aside to cool.
To the same pan, add the remaining tablespoon of olive oil, the red pepper flakes, and chard stems.
Reduce the heat to medium and cook for 3 minutes, until the stems are softened.
Add the chard leaves and remaining ½ teaspoon of salt and cook for 5 minutes, until wilted and reduced in volume by half.
Remove the pan from the heat.
Remove the garlic cloves from the caramelized onions and transfer to a small bowl.
Mash with the back of a fork, then add to the softened goat cheese and stir to combine.
Stir the onions into the pan with the sautéed chard.
Assemble the crostata: Roll the dough out on a lightly floured surface into a 12-inch (30 cm) wide circle, about ⅛ inch (3 mm) thick.
Transfer the dough to the prepared baking sheet.
Spread ½ cup (110 G) of the garlic goat cheese over the center of the dough, leaving a 2-inch (50 cm) border around the edges.
Arrange half of the potatoes, slightly overlapping, over the goat cheese, then top with half of the Swiss chard and onion mixture.
Repeat with remaining potatoes and chard mixture.
Fold the edges of the crust up and over the filling to create a rustic look.
Brush the crust with the beaten egg.
Top with dollops of the remaining goat cheese.
Bake the crostata for 45-50 minutes, until the crust is golden brown.
Let cool for 10 minutes before slicing and serving.
Enjoy!
