Preheat oven to 350˚F (180˚C).
In a liquid measuring cup, sprinkle the yeast over the warm water.
Set aside for 5 minutes to bloom.
In a bowl, add 3 cups (375 g) of the flour, Parmesan, baking powder, salt, and sugar and stir to combine.
Add 2 tablespoons of the olive oil and stir to combine.
Pour the yeast water over the flour mixture and stir until the dough forms into a ball.
Use ¼ cup (30 g) of flour for dusting the surface.
Scrape the dough out of the bowl onto your floured surface.
Knead the dough for about 10 minutes until the dough is tight.
You may need to sprinkle a little flour while you're kneading if the dough is too sticky.
Form the dough into a ball.
Pour 1 tablespoon of olive oil in a bowl.
Place the dough in the bowl.
7.
Cover, let rise for 1 hour in a warm area, or until the dough has doubled in size.
Flour the surface.
Flip bowl over surface and let the dough fall out of the bowl.
Divide the dough into 3 equal balls.
Begin forming the dough into a circle about ½-inch (1 cm) thick and 8 inches (20 cm) wide, making sure the middle of the circle is not too thin.
Repeat with the other 2 balls of dough.
Sprinkle the cornmeal on a baking sheet.
Place dough on the baking sheet.
Place 4 slices of pepperoni on the dough in the center.
Place 4 slices of the provolone over the pepperoni.
Spread half of the tomato sauce around the edge of the dough.
Sprinkle 1½ cups (150 g) of mozzarella over the sauce around the edge of the circle.
Place the second circle of dough over the first and tuck the edges underneath the first layer of dough.
Repeat with the pepperoni, provolone, tomato sauce, and mozzarella.
Place the third layer of dough over the second.
Tuck the edges underneath.
With a knife make one vertical cut in the center of the pizza, making sure you cut through all of the layers.
Make another horizontal cut, then 2 diagonal cuts so you have 8 triangles to fold over.
Begin folding back each layer, creating an opening in the center.
Repeat 7 more times.
Brush the ring with olive oil and bake for 40 minutes.
Cover with foil and continue to bake for 20 minutes.
Place a bowl filled with the rest of the tomato sauce in the center of the ring.
Enjoy!
