Preheat the oven to 375°F (190˚C).
Prepare the delicata squash. Using a long, sharp knife, remove the ends of the squash, then cut in half lengthwise. Scoop out the seeds and pulp. Rinse and reserve the seeds. Lay each half of the squash down on its cut side and cut into ½-inch (1-cm) thick slices.
Place the squash in the 3 quart prep bowl along with 1 tablespoon of olive oil and 1 teaspoon of salt. Cover the bowl with the lid and shake to fully coat the squash.
Line a baking sheet with parchment paper. Transfer the squash to the baking sheet, spread in a single layer, and roast for 20 minutes.
While the squash is roasting, remove the fennel fronds and bottom end and thinly slice the bulb. Add to the bowl with 1 tablespoon of olive oil and ½ teaspoon of salt. Cover and shake well to coat.
After 20 minutes, remove the baking sheet with the squash from the oven and add the fennel, spreading evenly. Return to the oven for another 20 minutes, until the squash is tender and slightly browned and the fennel is tender and caramelized.
Add the delicata seeds to the 1½ quart prep bowl. Depending on how many seeds there are, add the remaining tablespoon of olive oil, a pinch of salt, and ½-1 teaspoon smoked paprika. Cover the bowl with the lid and shake to coat the seeds well.
Line a small baking sheet with parchment paper. Spread the seeds in a single layer and add to the oven for the last 10 minutes while the squash and fennel finish roasting, until golden brown.
Make the vinaigrette: In a small bowl, add the apple cider vinegar, lemon juice, honey, Dijon, and garlic. Whisk to combine, then season with salt and pepper. Slowly stream in the olive oil, whisking to emulsify. Season with more salt, if needed.
In a large bowl, assemble the salad. Add the kale, farro, and chickpeas, then the roasted delicata and fennel, and finally the goat cheese. Toss to combine. Top with the roasted squash seeds.
Add the salad to a serving bowl and drizzle with the vinaigrette.
Leftover salad will keep in the fridge for up to 4 days.
Enjoy!
Nutrition (without dressing) per serving - Calories: 275, Total fat: 10 grams, Total carbs: 40 grams, Dietary fiber: 10 grams, Sugars: 8 grams, Protein: 11 grams
Nutrition – Apple Cider Vinaigrette per serving - Serving size: 2 tablespoons - Calories: 122, Total fat: 11 grams, Total carbs: 6 grams, Dietary fiber: 0 grams, Sugars: 5 grams, Protein: 0 grams
