Make the mushroom filling: Heat the olive oil in a medium pan over medium heat.
Add the onion and garlic and cook, stirring occasionally, until caramelized, about 3 minutes.
Add the tomato and mushrooms and stir.
Add the chili powder, smoked paprika, cumin, pepper, and salt and stir thoroughly.
Cook until the vegetables are tender, about 10 minutes.
Add the lime juice and cilantro and stir to combine.
Transfer to a medium bowl, cover with plastic wrap, and refrigerate until ready to use.
Make the onion and pepper filling: Heat the olive oil in a medium pan over medium heat.
Add the onion, red bell pepper, and green bell pepper and cook until softened, about 8 minutes.
Add the lime juice, paprika, cumin, salt, and pepper, and mix thoroughly.
Continue cooking until the vegetables are tender, about 5 minutes.
Transfer to a medium bowl, cover with plastic wrap, and refrigerate until ready to use.
Make the tofu filling: Heat the olive oil in a medium pan over medium heat.
Add the onion, garlic and red bell pepper and cook until caramelized, about 5 minutes
Add the tofu, smoked paprika, chili powder, cumin, soy sauce, lime juice and cilantro and mix thoroughly.
Cook until the red bell pepper is tender, about 8 minutes.
Transfer to a medium bowl, cover with plastic wrap, and refrigerate until ready to use.
Make the black bean and corn filling: Heat the olive oil in a medium pan over medium heat.
Add the onion and garlic and cook until caramelized, about 3 minutes
Add the tomato, corn, black beans, paprika, chili powder, cumin, salt, and pepper and mix thoroughly.
Cook until the vegetables are tender, about 8 minutes.
Transfer to a medium bowl, cover with plastic wrap, and refrigerate until ready to use.
Preheat the oven to 375˚F (190˚C).
Generously grease a baking sheet with nonstick spray.
Place 6 tortillas around the sides of the pan so half of the tortilla is hanging over the edge Place 2 tortillas in the middle, covering the exposed pan.
Sprinkle half of the cheddar cheese and half of the Monterey Jack cheese over the tortillas.
Scoop the black bean and corn filling onto the tortillas in the upper-left corner of the tray.
Spread the mixture so that it fills ¼ of the sheet tray.
Scoop the onion and pepper filling over the tortillas in the upper-right corner of the tray.
Spread the mixture so that it fills another ¼ of the sheet tray.
Scoop the mushroom filling over the tortillas in the lower-left corner of the tray.
Spread the mixture so that it fills another ¼ of the sheet tray.
Scoop the tofu mixture over the tortillas in the lower-right corner of the tray.
Spread the mixture so that it fills the remaining ¼ of the sheet tray.
Sprinkle the rest of the cheese over the fillings.
Place the remaining 2 tortillas over the cheese in the center of the pan.
Fold the overhanging tortillas onto the pan so they cover the fillings and touch the center tortillas.
Place another baking sheet on top.
Place an oven-proof weight, such as a cast-iron skillet, on top of the sheet tray.
Bake for 20 minutes.
Remove the weight and top baking sheet.
Bake for another 15 minutes, until the tortillas are golden and crisp.
Flip the quesadilla onto a cutting board.
Slice and serve with salsa and sour cream.
Enjoy!
