Preheat oven to 375˚F (190˚C).
Heat olive oil in a pan over medium heat. Add the onion and red bell pepper, and cook, stirring occasionally, until caramelized. Add the chicken, taco seasoning packet, cilantro, and lime juice, and mix thoroughly. Remove from heat, cover, and refrigerate until ready to use.
Heat olive oil in a pan over medium heat. Add the onion, red bell pepper, and green bell pepper, and cook, stirring occasionally, until softened. Add the paprika, cumin, cayenne pepper, salt, and pepper, and mix thoroughly. Remove from heat, cover, and refrigerate until ready to use.
Heat olive oil in a pan over medium heat. Add the onion, and cook, stirring occasionally, until caramelized. Add the ground beef, break apart, and cook through until the beef is no longer pink. Add the tomato, taco seasoning packet, cilantro, and lime juice, and mix thoroughly. Remove from heat, cover, and refrigerate until ready to use.
Heat butter in a pan over medium-low heat. Add the onion, and cook, stirring occasionally, until caramelized. Add the tomatoes, eggs, salt, and pepper. Fold the eggs and cook until they are no longer wet. Remove from heat, cover, and set aside.
Generously spray a sheet tray with cooking oil spray.
Place the tortillas so half of the tortilla is hanging over the edge of the pan. Place 6 tortillas around the border of the sheet tray and one tortilla in the middle, covering the exposed sheet tray.
Sprinkle half of the cheddar cheese and half of the mozzarella cheese over the tortillas.
Scoop the chicken mixture over the tortillas in the upper-left corner of the tray. Spread the mixture so that it fills ¼ of the sheet tray.
Scoop the onion and pepper mixture over the tortillas in the upper-right corner of the tray. Spread the mixture so that it fills ¼ of the sheet tray.
Scoop the beef mixture over the tortillas in the lower-right corner of the tray. Spread the mixture so that it fills ¼ of the sheet tray.
Scoop the egg mixture over the tortillas in the lower-left corner of the tray. Spread the mixture so that it fills ¼ of the sheet tray. Top with cooked bacon.
Place the tostadas over the fillings.
Sprinkle the rest of the cheese over the tostadas.
Place the last flour tortilla over the cheese.
Fold over the tortillas so they cover up the fillings and touch the center tortilla.
Place another sheet tray on top of the crunch-wrap. Place an oven-proof weight, like a cast-iron skillet, on top of the sheet tray.
Bake for 20 minutes. Remove weight and sheet tray. Bake for an additional 15 minutes until the tortillas are golden and crisp.
Flip the crunch-wrap onto a cutting board.
Slice and serve with salsa and sour cream.
Enjoy!
