Line a baking sheet with parchment paper.
With a sharp knife, divide the cake crosswise into thirds, about 3 inches (7 cm) each.
Slice the domed tops off of each piece.
Very carefully slice each piece of cake into 4 even layers.
Stack the layers in sets of 2 (there should be 6 stacks) with the bottom facing up on the prepared baking sheet.
Each set of stacks will be a different color cube (white, yellow, green, orange, red, and blue)--write in marker on the parchment paper to label each stack.
Open each set of layers like a book.
Spread a layer of vanilla frosting on each slice.
For the white cubes, stack the slices, frosted sides touching.
For the yellow cubes, sprinkle with the lemon zest, then stack the slices, frosted sides touching.
For the green cubes, sprinkle with the lime zest, then stack the slices, frosted sides touching.
For the orange cubes, spread the orange marmalade on one piece and stack the slices.
For the red cubes, spread the strawberry jam on one piece and stack the slices.
For the blue cubes, spread the blueberry jam on one piece and stack the slices.
Freeze for at least 30 minutes.
Make the marshmallow fondant: In a large microwave-safe bowl, combine the marshmallows and water.
Microwave on medium power for 2-3 minutes, stirring every 30 seconds, until the marshmallows are completely melted.
Add the softened butter and use a silicone spatula to stir until combined.
Add 5 cups (550 G) of powdered sugar to a separate large bowl and make a well in the center.
Pour in the marshmallow mixture.
Stir to combine.
When it is mostly combined, grease your hands with nonstick spray and knead to bring the fondant together into a ball in the bowl.
Add more powdered sugar as needed if the fondant is sticking to your hands.
Grease a clean work surface and your hands with more nonstick spray.
Turn the fondant out onto the greased surface.
If it gets too dry, add a bit more water.
Use more nonstick spray if the fondant is sticking to the surface.
Continue kneading for 8-10 minutes, until the fondant is smooth and holds its shape.
Divide the fondant into 6 even pieces, spray with nonstick spray, and cover with plastic wrap so they don’t dry out.
Using the gel food coloring, dye 5 of the pieces green, blue, orange, red, and yellow by kneading each gel color into 1 section of fondant.
Leave the remaining piece white.
Spray again with nonstick spray and cover with plastic wrap.
Remove the cake stacks from the freezer.
Using a sharp knife and a ruler to measure, slice each stack into 9 ¾-inch (22 cm) cubes.
Return to the marked baking sheet and separate into individual pieces, then freeze again for at least 30 minutes.
Roll the green fondant into a log, then cut into 9 equal pieces.
Grease the pieces you aren’t using yet with nonstick spray and cover with plastic wrap.
Sprinkle a piece of fondant with powdered sugar and roll out to a ¼-inch-thick (6 mm) square.
Remove the green cake cubes from the freezer.
Cover a cube with the rolled out fondant on 5 sides, removing the excess fondant with a knife.
Repeat with the remaining fondant and cake cubes.
To assemble the cake, stack 9 cubes of varying color on a plate, spaced about ¼ inch (6 mm) apart.
Place a piece of chocolate squarely on top of the cubes.
Carefully stack another 9 cubes on top of the chocolate.
Place another chocolate square on top of the cubes, slightly askew.
Stack 9 more cubes on top of the chocolate.
Repeat to make another cake.
Enjoy!
