Using the bumpy side of a meat mallet, pound each chicken breast until ½-inch (1 ¼ cm) thick. Season with salt and black pepper to taste.
Add 1 cup (125 G) of flour, the eggs, and the plain bread crumbs to 3 separate shallow dishes.
Season flour with salt, pepper, and the lemon zest. Stir to combine.
Season the eggs with salt and pepper, and add 1 tablespoon of white wine. Stir to combine.
To the bread crumbs, add the panko, remaining 2 tablespoons flour, and Parmesan. Stir to combine.
Working 1 piece at a time, coat the chicken in the flour, shaking off any excess, then in the egg mixture, then in the bread crumbs. Transfer to a baking sheet lined with cling wrap and refrigerate for 10 minutes.
Heat a large cast-iron skillet over medium heat. Add enough olive oil to come ¼ inch (6 mm) up the sides of the pan. Working in batches, fry the chicken until lightly browned, 2-3 minutes per side. Drain on paper towels.
Preheat the oven to 350°F (180°C).
Wipe out the pan with a paper towel. Return to medium heat and add 3 tablespoons of olive oil, the garlic, red pepper flakes, and bay leaves. Cook until fragrant, 1-2 minutes.
Add the remaining cup of white wine and the chicken stock. Cook until the liquid is reduced by half, stirring occasionally.
Stir in the crushed tomatoes and tomato paste. Season with pepper, then add the oregano, crushing between your hands to release more flavor. Simmer the sauce for 5 minutes, until thickened slightly. Add the parsley and basil and stir to incorporate.
Remove the bay leaves from the pan. Create a bit of space in the center, then return the chicken to the pan. Spoon the sauce over the chicken.
Sprinkle the mozzarella and more oregano over the chicken pieces.
Bake for 10-15 minutes, until the cheese is bubbly and melted and the chicken is cooked though. Set the broiler to high and broil for 1-2 minutes, until the cheese browns lightly.
Serve the chicken with spaghetti that's been tossed in the excess sauce. Garnish with parsley and Parmesan cheese.
Enjoy!
