Preheat the oven to 400˚F (200˚C). Tear off 8 12-inch (30 cm) square sheets of foil. Stack 2 sheets of foil and fold in the long sides, then the short sides, to make a tray. Repeat with the remaining foil and set the trays in an 18 x 13-inch (45 x 33 cm) baking sheet.
Make the cheddar broccoli potatoes: In a large bowl, season the potatoes with the salt and pepper and toss to coat. Add the bacon, 1 cup of broccoli (150 G), and the nacho cheese sauce. Mix until the potatoes are fully coated.
Pour the mixture into 1 section of the prepared pan. Sprinkle the cheddar cheese and remaining cup of broccoli on top.
Make the creamy spinach potatoes: In a medium microwave-safe bowl, mix together the cream cheese, heavy cream, ½ cup (150 G) mozzarella cheese, and the spinach. Microwave in 30-second intervals, stirring between, until the cheese is completely melted, about 1 minute total.
In a large bowl, season the potatoes with the salt and pepper and toss to coat. Add the spinach mixture and mix until the potatoes are fully coated.
Pour the mixture into another section of the prepared pan. Sprinkle the remaining ½ cup (50 G) mozzarella on top.
Make the chili potatoes: In a large bowl, season the potatoes with the chili powder, pepper, and salt and toss to coat. Add the chili and mix until the potatoes are fully coated.
Pour the mixture into another section of the prepared pan and sprinkle the cheddar cheese on top.
Make the pizza potatoes: In a large bowl, season the potatoes with the salt, pepper, and oregano. Add the marinara sauce and mix until the potatoes are fully coated.
Pour the mixture into the last section of the prepared pan and sprinkle the mozzarella cheese on top. Arrange pepperoni on top.
Bake for 45 minutes, until the potatoes are tender.
Serve immediately, or portion into reusable containers and store in the fridge for up to 4 days. To reheat, place portion in a microwave-safe container. Place in microwave and cook for 2-3 minutes. If contents are not heated through, continue cooking in 30-second intervals.
Enjoy!
